(LOOΠΔ danced all day)
(That blue powder got on their clothes and shoes!!)
Yves: Hey~
Go Won: Look! It turned blue~
Yves: We became like a Smurf
Go Won: Hey, I was told that my hair was dyed. Can you see?
Go Won: It was dyed~
HeeJin: And I got a kind of punishment~
Kim Lip: Yeah, you stood in the middle~
Kim Lip: Actually we were happy because we could stand in the middle
Kim Lip: However it looked like a punishment
(HeeJin suddenly got the punishment like that during filming…)
Yves: I’m a total mess right now
Yves: So…
Chuu: We will wash up!
Yves: Yeah, wash up
Chuu: First of all, just hands
Yves: Everyone, look my nails!
Go Won: We did nail art! How is it?
Yves: We will shoot some cool individual shots on the next set
Yves: So please look forward to it!
Yves: How about doing that transition for a long time?
(Actually they try to do it very often…)
(However they always forget to do an end jumping…)